What happens when you initialize a repository? Why do you need to do it?

When a initialize a repository, Git adds a hidden directory
in my folder repository so it can track changes when i do the first commit.


How is the staging area different from the working directory and the repository? What value do you think it offers?

Staging area gives the possibility to join several files to the same commit.
I don't have to commit files that are in working process or that i don't need anymore
(at least in this version of my work), so the commit points are logic oriented and
makes it easier to find a specific version later on.


How can you use the staging area to make sure you have one commit per logical change?

I move add to staging area the files that make sense in that logic commit, then
i commit them; not having to commit all the work, instead i group my files in
logical changes. To be sure i use the commands diff (compares the files in working area to the files in stage area that have changed) and diff --stage (ompares the files in stage area to the last commited files in  repository that have changed) if any ;)


What are some situations when branches would be helpful in keeping your history organized? How would branches help?

Branches are helpfull if i want to make structural changes in my project like changing language or build a different version without loosing my "master" project version.


How do the diagrams help you visualize the branch structure?

Diagrams make it easy to visualize the branches as they show
the "parent" of the commits in each branched referd. So we can see
the base commit for the branch.

What is the result of merging two branches together? Why do we represent it in the diagram the way we do?

When merging two branches the files are compared to the inicial commit point
(where the branches splits) and commits the changes made in both branches
keeping the history of commits (order by date/time) made in each branch.

What are the pros and cons of Git’s automatic merging vs. always doing merges manually?

Pros: Easy, fast, calls for attention if there are doubts.

Cons: